i18n: Update translations from Transifex (big Turkish update) (#1815)
oasisprotocol/oasis-wallet-web: README.md

Updating from [Transifex]: [English translation.json] is set as an automatically
updating resource in Transifex, so the new translation strings will appear in
Transifex a few hours after changes are merged. After they are translated, click

> "Download file to translate" on each language, `yarn run extract-messages`, and
> create a new pull request with title _"i18n: Update translations from
> Transifex"_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

1. "Download file to translate" on the target language,
2. `yarn run extract-messages`, and
3. create a new pull request titled _"i18n: Update translations from
Transifex"_.
```
